Update the website content (#459)
pulp/pulpproject.org: about-pulp-3.md

### Functionality that does not currently exist but might be subject to change

* No Puppet plugin is available

## What do you think?

> Pulp 3 continues to provide the Pulp 2 core features while providing several key improvements along with an updated tech stack. If you have any questions or feedback, or would like to know more about the key changes, write to the [contat us](https://discourse.pulpproject.org/) or join the conversation on [IRC](/help/#chat-to-us).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pulp 3 continues to provide the Pulp 2 core features while providing several key improvements along with an updated tech stack. If you have any questions or feedback, or would like to know more about the key changes, write to us on [Discourse](https://discourse.pulpproject.org/) or join the conversation on [Matrix](/help/#chat-to-us).
```
